You can go in and wait right here,
I'll come as soon as I go.
Listen, Xu Fan, just in case,
I'd better go up with you.
I avoided it. My father and son have been together for many years.
It's better to be normal and don't bother him too often.
Yes, hurry up, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise.
Praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise.
Hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold.
I'll be fine
Is this our son?
That's fine, that's fine
You are the woman who roasted me while you were talking about newspaper.
Answer me for you